Simple sgemm KaaS "model". This serves as a reference implementation and
documentation for KaaS in infbench. It corresponds to the testModel in infbench
(python/infbench/testModel.py).

# KaaS Model Overview
A KaaS model for infbench consists of three files: NAME\_meta.yaml,
NAME\_model.yaml, and NAME.cubin.

* NAME.cubin: A precompiled library of the necessary kernels
* NAME\_model.yaml: A serialized KaaSReq object to serve as a template for
  requests. infbench will customize this for each request.
* NAME\_meta.yaml: Contains metadata for inputs and outputs of the model. This
  is used by infbench to know how to pass inputs and outputs around for each
  invocation. Note that buffer names and buffer keys are distinct in KaaS
  BufferSpecs, NAME\_meta.yaml has only names, infbench will generate keys and
  remap as necessary. 

# Example SGEMM Application
This example is a chained matrix multiply with constant arrays. The number of
multiplies is called DEPTH. One input matrix is passed along with DEPTH
constants. One output is generated. It corresponds to the
python/infbench/testModel.py model.

Matrices are square and have the same dimension. This is set in kerns/sgemm.cu,
generateModels.py, and infbench/testModel.py. You must ensure that these
numbers match. The data type is float32.
 
# Example Files and Usage
generateModel.py should handle generating all artifacts needed for the model.
The kernel itself is in kerns/sgemm.cu, while the other metadata is
deterministically generated by generateModel.py.
